the Book of Amos the words of Amos who
the Book of Amos the words of Amos who was among the sheep readers of Toccoa
was among the sheep readers of Toccoa
was among the sheep readers of Toccoa which he saw concerning Israel in the
which he saw concerning Israel in the
which he saw concerning Israel in the days of as I king of Judah and in the
days of as I king of Judah and in the
days of as I king of Judah and in the days of Jeroboam the son of jewish king
days of Jeroboam the son of jewish king
days of Jeroboam the son of jewish king of israel two years before the
of israel two years before the
of israel two years before the earthquake and he said the lord roars
earthquake and he said the lord roars
earthquake and he said the lord roars from zion and utters his voice from
from zion and utters his voice from
from zion and utters his voice from jerusalem the pastures of the Shepherds
jerusalem the pastures of the Shepherds
jerusalem the pastures of the Shepherds mourn at the top of Carmel withers thus
mourn at the top of Carmel withers thus
mourn at the top of Carmel withers thus says the Lord for three transgressions
says the Lord for three transgressions
says the Lord for three transgressions of Damascus and for four I will not turn
of Damascus and for four I will not turn
of Damascus and for four I will not turn away its punishment because they have
away its punishment because they have
away its punishment because they have thrashed Gilead with implements of eyes
thrashed Gilead with implements of eyes
thrashed Gilead with implements of eyes but I will send a fire into the house of
but I will send a fire into the house of
but I will send a fire into the house of hassel which shall devour the palaces of
hassel which shall devour the palaces of
hassel which shall devour the palaces of ben-hadad I will also break the gate bar
ben-hadad I will also break the gate bar
ben-hadad I will also break the gate bar of Damascus and cut off the inhabitant
of Damascus and cut off the inhabitant
of Damascus and cut off the inhabitant from the valley of evil and the one who
from the valley of evil and the one who
from the valley of evil and the one who holds the scepter from birth even the
holds the scepter from birth even the
holds the scepter from birth even the people of Syria shall go captive to kur
people of Syria shall go captive to kur
people of Syria shall go captive to kur says the Lord thus says the Lord for
says the Lord thus says the Lord for
says the Lord thus says the Lord for three transgressions of Gaza and for
three transgressions of Gaza and for
three transgressions of Gaza and for four I will not turn away its punishment
four I will not turn away its punishment
four I will not turn away its punishment because they took captive the whole
because they took captive the whole
because they took captive the whole captivity to deliver them up to Eden but
captivity to deliver them up to Eden but
captivity to deliver them up to Eden but I will send a fire upon the wall of Gaza
I will send a fire upon the wall of Gaza
I will send a fire upon the wall of Gaza which shall devour its palaces I will
which shall devour its palaces I will
which shall devour its palaces I will cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod and
cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod and
cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod and the one who holds the scepter from
the one who holds the scepter from
the one who holds the scepter from ashqelon I will turn my hand against
ashqelon I will turn my hand against
ashqelon I will turn my hand against every and the remnant of the Philistine
every and the remnant of the Philistine
every and the remnant of the Philistine Shall Perish says the Lord God
Shall Perish says the Lord God
Shall Perish says the Lord God thus says the Lord for three
thus says the Lord for three
thus says the Lord for three transgressions of tiled and for fall I
transgressions of tiled and for fall I
transgressions of tiled and for fall I will not turn away its punishment
will not turn away its punishment
will not turn away its punishment because they delivered up the whole
because they delivered up the whole
because they delivered up the whole captivity to eat them and did not
captivity to eat them and did not
captivity to eat them and did not remember the covenant of brotherhood but
remember the covenant of brotherhood but
remember the covenant of brotherhood but I will send a fire upon the wall of time
I will send a fire upon the wall of time
I will send a fire upon the wall of time which shall devour its palaces thus says
which shall devour its palaces thus says
which shall devour its palaces thus says the Lord for three transgressions of
the Lord for three transgressions of
the Lord for three transgressions of Edom and for four I will not turn away
Edom and for four I will not turn away
Edom and for four I will not turn away its punishment because he pursued his
its punishment because he pursued his
its punishment because he pursued his brother with the sword and cast off all
brother with the sword and cast off all
brother with the sword and cast off all pity his anger tall for petula and he
pity his anger tall for petula and he
pity his anger tall for petula and he kept his wrath forever but I will send a
kept his wrath forever but I will send a
kept his wrath forever but I will send a fire upon team which shall devour the
fire upon team which shall devour the
fire upon team which shall devour the palaces of Basra thus says the Lord for
palaces of Basra thus says the Lord for
palaces of Basra thus says the Lord for three transgressions of the people of
three transgressions of the people of
three transgressions of the people of Ammon and for four I will not turn away
Ammon and for four I will not turn away
Ammon and for four I will not turn away its punishment because they ripped open
its punishment because they ripped open
its punishment because they ripped open the women with child in Gilead that they
the women with child in Gilead that they
the women with child in Gilead that they might enlarge their territory but I will
might enlarge their territory but I will
might enlarge their territory but I will kindle a fire in the wall of rubber and
kindle a fire in the wall of rubber and
kindle a fire in the wall of rubber and it shall devour its palaces amid
it shall devour its palaces amid
it shall devour its palaces amid shouting in the day
shouting in the day
shouting in the day and a tempest in the day of the
and a tempest in the day of the
and a tempest in the day of the whirlwind their king shall go into
whirlwind their king shall go into
whirlwind their king shall go into captivity he and his princes together
captivity he and his princes together
captivity he and his princes together says the Lord